{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.rst, before:

===============================
{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
===============================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/badge.svg
   :target: https://coveralls.io/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/
   :alt: Pypi package
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
   :target: ./LICENSE
   :alt: MIT licensed

{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description}}

* Free software: MIT
* Documentation: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
* Source: https://github.com/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}

Features
--------

* TODO

Usage
-----

* TODO


Note: See `pipenv documentation <https://github.com/kennethreitz/pipenv>`_ for Pipfile
specification.

Contributing
------------

Create your development environment with

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make dev

Activate the environment:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make shell  # equivalent to `pipenv shell`

Execute a command directly inside the environment:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ pipenv run ...

Execute unit tests:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make test-unit

Build source package:

    Use it for most package without low level system dependencies.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make sdist

Build binary package:

    Needed for package with a C or other low level source code.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make bdist

Build Wheel package:

    Always provide a wheel package.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make wheel

(Only for package owner)

Create a release:

    Go on GitHub and create a tag with a semver syntax. Optionally you can tag code locally and push
    to GitHub.

    .. code-block:: bash

        git tag 1.2.3
        make push

    On successful travis build on the Tag branch, your Pypi package will be updated automatically.

Commit message:

Make my template compatible with ReadTheDocs
thanks my tool pipenv-to-requirements

{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/README.rst, after:

===============================
{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
===============================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/badge.svg
   :target: https://coveralls.io/github/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}/
   :alt: Pypi package
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
   :target: ./LICENSE
   :alt: MIT licensed

{{ cookiecutter.project_short_description}}

* Free software: MIT
* Documentation: https://{{ cookiecutter.project_name }}.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
* Source: https://github.com/{{ cookiecutter.github_username }}/{{ cookiecutter.github_repository_name }}

Features
--------

* TODO

Usage
-----

* TODO


Note: See `pipenv documentation <https://github.com/kennethreitz/pipenv>`_ for Pipfile
specification.

Contributing
------------

Setup for development:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make dev

Activate the virtualenv:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make shell  # equivalent to `pipenv shell`

Execute unit tests:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ make test-unit


Build source package:

    Use it for most package without low level system dependencies.

    .. code-block:: bash

        make sdist

Build binary package:

    Needed for package with a C or other low level source code.

    .. code-block:: bash

        make bdist

Build Wheel package:

    Always provide a wheel package.

    .. code-block:: bash

        make wheel

To register Pipy deployment:

- commit your work!
- enable your project on Travis
- execute ``pipenv run python travis_pypi_setup.py``
- the ``.travis.yml`` is rewritten, you may want to restore its formatting.

Create a release:

    .. code-block:: bash

        make release
        git tag 1.2.3
        make push

On successful travis build on the Tag branch, your Pypi package will be updated automatically.

Configuration
-------------

You will need to configure `.travis.yml` to enable automatic PyPi deployment, or use the provided
`travis_pypi_setup.py` script. Beware your Yaml file will be overwritten, you will have to set the
format back manually.
